hey guys thanks for watching a core Ham
Tech I was just going to show you guys
um I had a few requests to see how the
the flu ball flora turned out and of
course I'll do coffee you know I'll do a
bunch of updates on this but I've been
kind of going slow with it okay and then
the other thing I've also been kind of
using it as a plant hospital just so far
because I have a ton of plants in one
tank and I accidentally used marine
bulbs in there like I bought a marine
fixture because that was the only size I
could find it in I couldn't find it for
fresh water and I forgot to change out
the bulbs and I let it run for a couple
months and algae grew rampant and I
basically saved moat all the plants but
you know some of them are pretty badly
damaged so I have them in this tank you
know of course because it's got the nice
plant substrate very close to light you
know very shallow and of course the co2
system now I don't have the co2 system
on yet because I kind of want to let
things get a little acclimated first
because otherwise you know it'll land
your pH a little low there so I'm kind
of letting things get acclimated and I
just added fish in there I'm only going
to keep Cardinal tetras in here as you
can see there's three of them right
there I love my Cardinals I might put on
auto or two in there just eat algae if I
have the problem but I don't really have
any algae problems in here yet okay I
probably won't because this light is
like a I was looking up it's like a
really good spectrum and it's a really
good color temperature for this so I'm a
feeling we're not going to have that
problem but anyways so that's what I've
been using it for but and this is kind
of how it's turned out so far alright
and I'll give you a few tips on this
incase if you want to get one that black
thing that I said I didn't know what it
was if you see here now that black thing
I guess is a tank man okay it sits right
there it doesn't completely cover the
tank but it's okay
well it pretty much does I mean it's
just not quite but anyways another thing
was the filter on here it doesn't have
any carbon it's just sponges okay but
there is room for improvement in there I
don't know if you can see that but the
shell there's room in that shell and if
you take the foam out there's I mean
really you can put whatever you want in
there so I'll be experimenting with that
alright and that's the filter there for
you and it's got the adjustable output I
don't know if you saw that in the video
with the spray bar that's what I'm using
um and of course uh everything else
seems to be working fine I mean this is
the filter seems to be working fine
obviously the fish are alive in there
but uh you know it's just how am I
worried about and then probably the
biggest warning I will give you about
this that you need to know is this
stratum right here first off this stuff
is very low density I mean it was hard
to bury the plants though it was just
there was so low density that that the
plants just wanted to keep floating up
it was really hard to bury it in fact
here let me show you a little bit what
I'm talking about here okay and you look
here I'll stick my hand in see I just
gave it a flick and just a bunch of it
went flying up I mean the stuff is
really like it's even a little mushy too
so when you're putting this in make sure
you don't squish it or squeeze the bag
or anything like that because the the
little particles the little pebbles
there will actually break up and turn
into dust and then okay and the other
thing about half of my bag at least was
dust I had it like I rinsed it out
slightly and one of the fish you call
them the the strainer is calm or
whatever you call them
I only did it slightly though because my
holes were really big in the strainer I
was using but then I put it in here and
I had to do a water change like four
times to finally get it to uh settle
down so one thing I would suggest is
maybe if you have leftover plants
substrate it says not to mix it but
there's no reason why you can't maybe
even put it down here or order another
bag of strat stratum if you have that
problem
as you can see mine's probably about the
bare minimum level I'd like to have
maybe like another half inch or so
coming off of there especially since
it's a plant pretty much as plant
specialty tank I'd like to have a lot of
substrate and there but of course the
stratum just it and it didn't seem like
it was just enough to begin with I was
worried about it and then I lost most of
it just because of that so all right and
that's probably the biggest thing you'll
have to worry about and the light seems
to be effective so far but you know it's
only been up for a week here so that's
something I'm gonna constantly watch and
I'm thinking about maybe even converting
to LEDs and using LEDs and here all
right of course that would be a little
expensive but it would also be very nice
all right so as you can see it's a
beautiful tank and when I get more
plants and fish it'll be very beautiful
definitely gorgeous tank and of course
if you want to know the plants that I
have in there the one in the back there
well first off all these plants are the
air of the indoor chourus species or
genus I forgotten whether it's a species
or genus but it's the indoor Taurus
they're best suited well rather if you
have autos these are the best plants for
auto singles catfish these are auto-sync
'lest catfishes favorite plants and
that's these are probably some of my
favorite plants too because of the way
they look if you see those lush green
leaves very nice
the only problem is they need they need
some good light and they the they're
kind of harder to grow because their
leaves can't regenerate so like if
something punches a hole in the leaves
you got to take the whole thing off so
but anyways the one I have there in the
back is the indoor trous Bell hurry at
least that's what it said it was at the
store it's just like an Amazon sword
except it's got bigger leaves okay and
then the one down here in the corner is
an Amazon sword endorsed wrist amazona
kiss I believe is how it's pronounced
that little one right here that one like
a store just literally gave it to mix
they thought I was going to die and it
was like two leaves but as you can see
now it's a bunch of leaves even after
God like mauled by algae and this one
over here which is a painted melon plant
pretty much had the same story okay it
it was basically in a die at the store
kind of given to me and then I raised it
and that kind of got it to grow back and
then algae mold it and luckily it's
still as good as it is now alright so
that's how the plant the tanks turning
out right now and that's how everything
looks and as you can see there's my co2
cartridge back there I just have it set
up just like that okay alright well I
hope this helps and I hope you guys
liked it thanks for tuning in